Release templates updates post 24.11 (#680)
stackabletech/issues: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release.md

```[tasklist]
### Early Pre-release tasks

> - [ ] Create a "Post XX.XX release" retro issue (does this need a template? See https://github.com/stackabletech/issues/issues/669)

Reviewer: suggestion: Let's add a Markdown comment stating that every `YY.M.X` needs to be replaced in this template when creating the issue.

> - [ ] Define product versions to include in the next release

Author: > note: We should mention that it might be clever to already list release note worthy product features during this process.

We could, but it makes this ticket rather busy. It is already covered in the product update template: https://github.com/stackabletech/docker-images/blob/d27aec50f27b0b19a9678612099c3eb9658c6268/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/update-product-airflow.md?plain=1#L57-L58

> - [ ] Define product versions to include in the next release

Reviewer: Ah yeah, perfect!

```[tasklist]
#### Technical tasks
- [ ] Temporarily remove branch protection before pushing the release branches/tags
- [ ] Create release branch for docker-images (see stackable-utils for script to create branches)
- [ ] Create release tag(s) for docker-images (see stackable-utils for scripts to create tags)
- [ ] Create release branches for operators (see stackable-utils for script to create branches)
- [ ] Create release tag(s) for operators (see stackable-utils for scripts to create tags)
- [ ] Create release tag for stackable-cockpit (optional, highly experimental, requires manual tag creation)
- [ ] Update release version in changelogs on main branches (see stackable-utils for script to do this)
- [ ] Create release branch for demos (see stackable-utils for script to create branches)
- [ ] Generate CRD docs [website](https://crds.stackable.tech/) for the new release by following these [instructions](https://github.com/stackabletech/crddocs)
- [ ] Test `stackablectl` with locally updated (to new release number) `releases.yaml`
- [ ] Update `release.yaml` in https://github.com/stackabletech/release/blob/main/releases.yaml

> - [ ] ARM demo and integration testing of some kind

Author: There is also an [item from the Post 24.11 retro](https://github.com/stackabletech/issues/issues/669#issuecomment-2516657288) to cover this, so I'll also link this PR over there (once the action item is created).

> - [ ] ARM demo and integration testing of some kind

Author: Combined in 7f4134c0f76c7fc9f3451137ada5ed73d5d60891

> - [ ] [Check and update getting-started script](https://github.com/stackabletech/issues/issues/new?template=TODO-getting-started-scripts.md)

Author: Done in 3595690

> - [ ] [Test demos for the new release](https://github.com/stackabletech/demos/issues/new?template=TODO-release-testing.md)

Author: Done in b202228

- [ ] Check that an upgrade can be performed on an existing cluster without data loss (cycling demo)
- [ ] Run all of the test suites

> - [ ] OpenShift testing on Rosa <!-- where is that at? -->

Reviewer 2: It doesn't look like it's going to happen due to ... economical reasons.

```

> [!TIP]

> > Name the release-notes branch `docs/release-notes-XX.XX.X` so that the link below takes you directly to the [Pull Request template][docs-pr-template].

Reviewer: suggestion: Unify the version placeholder.

```suggestion
> Name the release-notes branch `docs/release-notes-YY.M.X` so that the link below takes you directly to the [Pull Request template][docs-pr-template].
```

[docs-pr-template]: https://github.com/stackabletech/documentation/blobs/main/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/release-notes.md

```[tasklist]
#### Documentation tasks

> - [ ] Create a stackabletech/documentation branch called `docs/release-notes-XX.XX.X`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Create a stackabletech/documentation branch called `docs/release-notes-YY.M.X`
```

> - [ ] Begin writing the release notes with the [Pull Request template](https://github.com/stackabletech/documentation/compare/main...docs/release-notes-XX.XX.X?template=release-notes.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Begin writing the release notes with the [Pull Request template](https://github.com/stackabletech/documentation/compare/main...docs/release-notes-YY.M.X?template=release-notes.md)
```
